VMware Workspace ONE (apps) (#4994)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-01-28-apps.md

---
title: VMware Workspace ONE (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - apps
  - vmware-workspace-one
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to introduce the new VMware Workspace ONE app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud VMware Workspace ONE source that collects audit logs data from the VMware Workspace ONE platform. This app helps security analysts monitor device compliance, encryption, and security status, offering a powerful solution for analysing spot risks, enforce policies, and keep devices secure. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/vmware-workspace-one/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce the new VMware Workspace ONE app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud VMware Workspace ONE source that collects audit logs data from the VMware Workspace ONE platform. This app helps security analysts monitor device compliance, encryption, and overall security status, offering a powerful solution for effective risk analysis, policy enforcement, and device security. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/vmware-workspace-one/).
```
